Feature/convert to go modules (#46)
ONSdigital/dp-table-renderer: README.md

| Environment variable       | Default                  | Description                                            |
| -------------------------- | ------------------------ | -----------                                            |
| BIND_ADDR                  | :23100                   | The host and port to bind to                           |
| HealthCheckInterval           | Interval between health checks                                                            |    30 seconds |

> | HealthCheckCriticalTimeout    | Amount of time to pass since last healthy health check to be deemed a critical failure    |    90 seconds |

Reviewer: Should this be caps like the others?

```suggestion
| HEALTHCHECK_CRITICAL_TIMEOUT    | Amount of time to pass since last healthy health check to be deemed a critical failure    |    90 seconds |
```
